refactor(x/bank): remove message events including `sender` attribute whose information is already present in the relevant events (backport cosmos/cosmos#17273) (#1066)
Finschia/finschia-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Breaking Changes
* (refactor) [\#1063](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/1063) Automate EventTypeMessage inclusion in every message execution (backport cosmos/cosmos-sdk#13532)

> * (x/bank) [#17273](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/17273) Remove message events including `sender` attribute whose information is already present in the relevant events

Author: ```suggestion
* (x/bank) [#1066](https://github.com/Finschia/finschia-sdk/pull/1066) Remove message events including `sender` attribute whose information is already present in the relevant events
```
